Can see currently, I'm working on some stuff,
but for the most part, this is where all the inventory gets kept.
So this is everything that's in the middle of getting used.
And then any parts that I have on hand
for repairing stay over here and on this shelf.
And most of the parts that I have on hand
that aren't getting used are what gets listed on the shop.
And you can see basically, it's just like a super simple soldering setup.
Yeah, I have just all my stuff and drawers and everything.
And for the most part,
everything that gets done here is just Game Boys and computers.
I did do one switch, which I just finished.
And I am working on an old, I think it's a motorola Z-flip, or no, Z-slide.
I don't remember.
But yeah, so for the most part, Renewed Retro just works -
It's just me working on Game Boys,
just buying broken ones, fixing them, and then selling them.
And then I also sell whatever spare repair parts I have on hand.
But yeah.